Make Stars a list

Add a list of Nebulae, for WR stars. etc.

Nebula - after explosion -> protostar

Setup Element table

Temperature -> Energy/Mass loss? -> Protostar pool
Recalculate orbit of multiple star systems on scale change

fix star clusters not orbiting together when one is out of view

chemical components of a star
chemical reactions?

allow smooth running on any framerate.

Increase performance on out zoom... Somehow

debug information:
Star Types in galaxy table.


star rift

Living stars

Frame rate variable?
Timescale - speed up and slowdown time.

elements ------> transformations? star to black hole etc.

wormholes


Hawkin Radiation





Black Hole Starship (wikipedia)

Liquid floride-thorium generator.
energyfromthorium.com



intense puddle





Hugo: Belt and buttons pre-coloured layer.

Add other animations

Track hand? for carriable objects? (Refer to Terraria)
Terraria has alternate hand and leg animations you dick.

split background into sectors. 
Max of 25 stars per sector
Star density decreases as distance from 0,0
0,0 supermassive blackhole.
You did the tile bullshit, this should be a piece of piss.

dust prticles whilst sliding, braking, max velocity running.
Spin Dash like ability "Dash"

3x Max velocity collision causes hit effect.

Walljump variable height, make this a thing. Is it already a thing?

Wall climbing? Like Knuckles.

Waiting animation. Make time variable, different characters can have different patience.

Getting hit animation, might need to make a level for that though...

THINGS TO DO
OPTIMIZE! Turn of detectors when not moving?
Try a Collision layer. Would be better than multiple tile layers...
Work on ground collision, 'cause it's still kinda shit.
Start work on Left and Right Sensors, don't forget to bring back the wall jump.
Top Sensors, might need to do some map editing to test this though.

3rd floor sensor for better angle calculation? - Nope.

fix sliding at higher acceleration.
fix jumping animation (hands too big)
if possible refine wall jumping to be less slidy when coming on at Y 0.
fix wall sliding animation.

Should be able to calculate chunk and tile at the same time. Figure that shit out.
TRy using both positions.
also, try overlaying two game modes in the same position?

superchunk.

check left and right of sensor for heights. return angle that way? or...
fix falling into the floor for a frame...

Might need to make detector longer...
if detector touches tile calculate depth. ;)
alternatively allow characters to fit in small gaps. You don't really need to worry about this until you implement the head sensor.

3 running animations. 1 for walking, 1 for running, 1 for super fast running. Only activate running after 7(subject to change) and super running at 16?

MaxX speed equal to Horizontal sensor - 1;
MaxY speed equal to Vertical sensor - 1;
I don't even know why I wrote this. D:
What does it mean? :/

bullethole problem. normal collision detection, if speed > tilesize... Do something.
Thought that said butthole. Heh.

Sort out the massive RAM usage:
Every tile has it's texture data saved within the chunk. Think of a way to load the textureData of a chunk as you get close to it?

To compete with Terraria large world size in block you would need a 132 x 38 chunk world.
That's 5016 chunks for a level. Although Terrarias blocks are half the size, so techincally yours would be twice as big...


comways game of life (minutephysics? video)

When X or Y speed is more than (find value) Lock camera a certain X or Y ahead.


With no gravity have * 0.01 walking speed and the following possible abilities:
jump off walls
magnetic boots to stick to metal surfaces with 0.1 walking speed
sticky boots to stick to any surface 0.3 walking speed.
gecko boots to stick to any surface normal walking speed.
jet pack/other items/body parts that improve the base 0.01 movement speed.
grappling hook.


maybe have world generate on a per-pixel basis?






Lighting idea: Raycasting.

have light source calculate rays when placed or moved.
a tile will store which (if any) rays are touching it and which light source said ray belongs to.
when a tile with a ray is broken that ray is recalculated.
rays can be calculated at world generation if needed.





Try two sensors for each side... This sounds like a stupid idea, lots of resorces needed... Worth a try if all else fails.

Fix the god damn slope problem. Shouldn't be able to stand on slopes.
Or run up slopes...
Get the Left, Right and Up Sensors working correctly in all wallmodes.
stupid ass slanty drops are stupid.
If vel X is more than 0 when jumping from ceiling running rotation negative so he spins the other way.



Max speed!



Monday 2:30 Outpatient 2



Linked entity multiplayer: A player can join as a "linked entity", doesn't have their own camera, instead they can posses any nearby character or lower DNA complexity and is then stuck to the main players field of view.
